hey guys so today I'm going to be doing
this makeup tutorial on this look um I
haven't done a tutorial and so long so I
hope you guys enjoy it I wore this
yesterday and I got a lot of compliments
on it and I liked how it looked and it
was actually pretty simple to do um and
so yeah I just think it's nice and it's
sexy and kind of sultry but still like
you know appropriate for work or
whatever because I wore to my well work
student teaching whatever you want to
call it but I weren't there and it
looked really nice and I got a lot of
compliments so I'm gonna show you how i
did it and i hope you guys like it so
stay tuned for the tutorial well i've
already used the darker side of this elf
eyeshadow cream eyeshadow in butter
pecan it's just like a bronzy color I'm
just taking this reddish brown shade out
of this mac trio and i'm just applying
this color right above my crease up
towards my brow bone
right into my brow bone I'm going to
apply this creamy champagne shade next
I'm going to mix these two dark colors
in this elf quad and apply that all over
my lid also going to take those dark at
darkest color
flying this black liner but I can't do
this while talking I'm applying is black
liner by urban decay to my waterline and
I'm also going to apply to the top lash
line when applying it to the top lash
line it doesn't have to be too neat
because we're going to smoke it out also
wing that liner out a little bit on the
edge next I'm going to use an angled
brush along with a black eyeshadow from
wet and wild and apply that on top of
the eyeshadow on top of the eyeliner we
just put them
and as I'm applying this black shadow to
this wing the way i winged it out I'm
just pushing it into that outer corner
of my eye and kind of blending the liner
into it so it's not really like a
definite line where it stops so just
push it over and some of that black I'm
just going to take and apply halfway
underneath my eye just to the halfway
point just gives it like that nice cat
eye look I'm just going to take my brush
and help me blend that out and now with
the blending brush just go back into
that black shadow and intensify the
black too however you however smokey you
would like it just right on the edge and
just blend it slightly over I'm also
going to take it a little bit into my
crease without putting any more product
on the brush
once you have that intensity to where
you want to take a blending brush and
just blend so that everything comes
together nicely ok so now I'm just going
to apply some mascara to my top and
bottom lashes and I'm also going to
apply these false lashes here and I'll
be right back to show you the rest of my
face ok so Isaac finished and i already
have already applied my foundation and
concealer and everything's for my blush
i'm going to apply heather silk and it's
like this nice pink color and it's by
witten Wow and I'm just applying that
with the stippling brush to my cheeks
and since my face kit use a little
dimension right now I'm just going to go
ahead and apply my covergirl bronzer and
this is in Ebony bronze
okay so that just bought a little bit of
some life to my face and my lips i'm
going to use um NYX lip liner and
natural along with a fares new lipstick
and elfs glossy gloss and watermelon
wild watermelon and just now for a
little bit of a highlight I just applied
this gold color from the elf palette
just the top of my cheekbones and that's
how I completed this look
so I hope you guys all enjoyed the
tutorial I'll definitely be trying to do
more of them and record them just
whenever I can so I squeeze this one in
for you guys I hope that she really
liked it don't forget to thumbs up if
you did and if you're looking forward to
seeing more in 2013 which like I said I
plan on trying to get a lot more out
there to you guys so I hope you are are
all having a wonderful sunday it's
sunday hopefully I'll have this post it
today but I hope you guys are all
enjoying the day have a wonderful MLK
day tomorrow and I will see you guys in
my next video bye